README.md, before:

# Omniauth Uphold

This gem contains the [Uphold](https://uphold.com/) strategy for OmniAuth

## Using this strategy

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'omniauth-uphold'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install omniauth-uphold

Now you must tell OmniAuth about this provider, For a Rails app, your `config/initializers/omniauth.rb` file should look like this:

```ruby
Rails.application.config.middleware.use OmniAuth::Builder do
  provider :uphold, 'API_KEY', 'API_SECRET'
end
```

## Sandbox API

Uphold supports a sandbox environment for testing purposes. To use it with this strategy, you'll need to use the following environment variables:

```
UPHOLD_URL="https://sandbox.uphold.com"
UPHOLD_API_URL="https://api-sandbox.uphold.com"
```

We recommend [dotenv](https://github.com/bkeepers/dotenv) for this.

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/omniauth-uphold/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Adds a dedicated strategy for the Sandbox API
Why:

* When developing apps on top of this gem, weird errors would occur
depending on how `ENV` was loaded.
The original approach depended on the fact that `ENV['UPHOLD_URL']` was
defined before the strategy was loaded. This works when using `foreman`
(which loads `.env` before starting Ruby) but not when using
`dotenv-rails`, which would only load the classes have already been
loaded. This would result in OmniAuth ignoring the ENV settings.

This change addresses the need by:

* Moving the sandbox URLs to a dedicated strategy, and turning constants
into class variables.

README.md, after:

# Omniauth Uphold

This gem contains the [Uphold](https://uphold.com/) strategy for OmniAuth

## Using this strategy

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'omniauth-uphold'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install omniauth-uphold

Now you must tell OmniAuth about this provider, For a Rails app, your `config/initializers/omniauth.rb` file should look like this:

```ruby
Rails.application.config.middleware.use OmniAuth::Builder do
  provider :uphold, 'API_KEY', 'API_SECRET'
end
```

## Sandbox API

Uphold supports a sandbox environment for testing purposes. To use it you will need a different strategy:

```ruby
Rails.application.config.middleware.use OmniAuth::Builder do
  provider :uphold_sandbox, 'API_KEY', 'API_SECRET', name: :uphold
end
```

You can add `name: :uphold` to make sure it uses the same route names as if you were using the main strategy.

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/omniauth-uphold/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
